c:\users\angela\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\turfirm\turfirm\bin\Debug\turfirm.exe.config
c:\users\angela\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\turfirm\turfirm\obj\Debug\turfirm.turfirm.resources
c:\users\angela\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\turfirm\turfirm\obj\Debug\turfirm.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\angela\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\turfirm\turfirm\obj\Debug\turfirm.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\angela\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\turfirm\turfirm\obj\Debug\turfirm.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
c:\users\angela\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\turfirm\turfirm\obj\Debug\turfirm.tours.resources
c:\users\angela\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\turfirm\turfirm\bin\Debug\turfirm.exe
c:\users\angela\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\turfirm\turfirm\bin\Debug\turfirm.pdb
c:\users\angela\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\turfirm\turfirm\obj\Debug\turfirm.exe
c:\users\angela\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\turfirm\turfirm\obj\Debug\turfirm.pdb
c:\users\angela\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\turfirm\turfirm\obj\Debug\turfirm.clients.resources
c:\users\angela\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\turfirm\turfirm\obj\Debug\turfirm.countries.resources
c:\users\angela\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\turfirm\turfirm\obj\Debug\turfirm.hotels.resources
c:\users\angela\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\turfirm\turfirm\obj\Debug\turfirm.managers.resources
c:\users\angela\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\turfirm\turfirm\obj\Debug\turfirm.orders.resources
C:\Users\Angela\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\turfirm\turfirm\obj\Debug\turfirm.access.resources
C:\Users\Angela\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\turfirm\turfirm\obj\Debug\turfirm.Filtres.resources
C:\Users\Angela\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\turfirm\turfirm\obj\Debug\turfirm.Tours.AddTour.resources
C:\Users\Angela\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\turfirm\turfirm\obj\Debug\turfirm.Tours.DelTour.resources
C:\Users\Angela\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\turfirm\turfirm\obj\Debug\turfirm.AddManager.resources
C:\Users\Angela\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\turfirm\turfirm\obj\Debug\turfirm.DelManager.resources
C:\Users\Angela\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\turfirm\turfirm\obj\Debug\turfirm.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Angela\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\turfirm\turfirm\obj\Debug\turfirm.AddClient.resources
C:\Users\Angela\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\turfirm\turfirm\obj\Debug\turfirm.DelClient.resources
C:\Users\Angela\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\turfirm\turfirm\obj\Debug\turfirm.AddOrder.resources
C:\Users\Angela\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\turfirm\turfirm\obj\Debug\turfirm.change_password.resources
C:\Users\Angela\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\turfirm\turfirm\obj\Debug\turfirm.checkout.resources
